I introduced you to property binding and we can set up our own bindable properties with @input in front
of them.
Now I told you that we would be receiving our person list data here in our persons component,
thanks to our custom property binding but how can we now render our persons to our actual DOM?
Well for that in the persons component, we want to go to the persons.component.html file and output
the content of this person list. Let's say we want to create an unordered list here with a bunch of
list items and we want to repeat that list item for every element in our person list.
Now in traditional Javascript, we would write a for loop but here, we are in HTML code
and yes this will be converted to Javascript kind of
but here we still are in HTML.
Well we can use another important feature provided by Angular which is called a directive.
We can add a directive to HTML elements and a directive is basically an instruction inside of
our HTML code which will be understood by Angular to do something
and here, one of the built-in directives is *ngFor and the star is important here.
This is a directive which ships with Angular and which is actually unlocked by importing browser module
here.
ngFor can be used to setup a for loop in HTML code so to say, it's only available in Angular
templates but there we can use it. We add an equal sign and then double quotes and between the double
quotes, we write our looping logic and this syntax is close to the normal Javascript for loop. We use
let and then any variable name you want, like person but that name is up to you, of and now you need
to reference either a value like an array or just as we did it in app component, a property of this persons
component.
So person list is a property of the persons component,
so in the persons component template, we can reference it, person list. What this will do is it will create
a new list item for every element in person list, it will actually store this element it's currently
looking at for every iteration in this person variable and we can use this person variable inside of
this repeated element and if we want to output the person which is just a string here in the end because
we have a list of strings, then we can use another binding syntax, we saw property binding with the square
brackets, now another binding syntax Angular offers is so-called string interpolation and that uses double
curly braces and you use that anywhere where you can output text in HTML, like here between the opening
and closing tag. You could enter any text here like hello or since you can use text here, you use the double
quotes and then you can reference either a property of a component, like person list but that wouldn't
work because it's an array and we don't want output the full array here, we instead want to output the
element for which we recreated this list item, so we can output person, this variable here. And if we
now save this, what you will see is if you go back to your page, it should have automatically reloaded
and you have three bullet points for the three items in your persons list which is in the app component
which is passed down to persons thanks to property binding and which is then output thanks to this directive
and string interpolation.